feed with fields (#68)
ecg-icas/icas: src/source/feeds.rst

:ref:`feed_brand`                      product brand name                   max. 70 chars        no
:ref:`feed_gtin`                       Global Trade Identification Number   max. 50 chars        no  
:ref:`feed_itemGroupId`                groups product variants in your      len. 1-50 chars      no
:ref:`feed_condition`                  condition of product                 enum                 no
:ref:`feed_material`                   main product fabric or material      max. 200 chars       no
:ref:`feed_energyEfficiencyClass`      energy efficiency class              enum                 no
:ref:`feed_minEnergyEfficiencyClass`   minimal energy efficiency class      enum                 no
:ref:`feed_maxEnergyEfficiencyClass`   maximal energy efficiency class      enum                 no
:ref:`feed_color`                      product color                        len. 1-100 chars     no
:ref:`feed_gender`                     gender product is designed for       enum                 no
:ref:`feed_ageGroup`                   age group product is intended for    enum                 no

> :ref:`feed_size`                       size information                     enum                 no

Reviewer: many of these fields are supported by the tenant's taxonomies; why do we add them here? 
The google feed is in CSV afaik, so why do we add these fields like this in the XML? (not flaming, just want to know)

Reviewer 2: We are adding them as new, standalone fields for several reasons:
- We would like to move closer to industry standard in terms of how we capture product data from sellers, in order to to simplify the feed creation process and work towards a longer term goal of automating the category and attribute mapping process
- It also helps to slightly decouple ourselves and the sellers from the market-level taxonomy, which will likely be going through changes in the coming years due to Project Lighthouse 
- We have an assumption that these fields can generate significant value by being incorporated into search logic (e.g. keyword match in the "brand" field boosts ranking), which won't require any connection to market taxonomy, and a related assumption that market attributes don't provide much added value for either buyer or seller (for buyers the overall usage of attributes to refine search/browse results is very low across markets, for sellers the ROI of adding attributes is unclear and many aren't providing them)

And we are adding the fields to XML because we want to begin capturing these attributes from existing sellers who are providing their feeds via XML, as many of them already have these fields populated within feed management platforms they are using, we just need to provide the new fields to be mapped to.

:ref:`feed_unitPricingBaseMeasure`     denominator for product unit price   string               no

> :ref:`feed_unitPricingMeasure`         measure and dimension of product     string               no

Reviewer: the description is about dimension & measuers, but the field is called _unitPricing*  making it hint that this is about the item price. Is this correct?

Reviewer 2: @twessling-icas that's correct. the two unit pricing fields (along with the price field) are used to calculate price/unit for those products where it is legally required to display that info (e.g. windshield wiper fluid), rather than have the seller calculate it themselves. The BaseMeasure field is the base unit to display (e.g. 100 ml) while the PricingMeasure field is the measure of the product (e.g. 973 ml)

Reviewer: aah, I see. That's actually kinda nice :)

Any ads not present (referred to by **vendorId**) in the XML file will be paused during
the import of this file.

Fields
------

A set of required and optional fields defined by feed XSD is listed below.
All the values provided should conform to the rules specified for the valid XML document.
For the more complex data (that contains, for example HTML tags) we recommend using `character data (CDATA) <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CDATA>`_.

> XML escape characters, are also supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
XML escape characters are also supported.
```

:ref:`feed_emailAdvertiser`            allow emails to the seller           true,false           no
:ref:`feed_regionId`                   only applicable for Kijiji Canada    numeric              no        
:ref:`feed_engines`                    targeted search engines for this ad  emunerated list      no
:ref:`feed_microTip`                   tiny product hightlight              max. 18 chars        no
:ref:`feed_mpn`                        Manufacturer Part Number (MPN)       len. 2-70 chars      no   
:ref:`feed_googleProductCategory`      google category for your product     string               no
:ref:`feed_productType`                customer product type                max. 750 chars       no    
:ref:`feed_brand`                      product brand name                   max. 70 chars        no
:ref:`feed_gtin`                       Global Trade Identification Number   max. 50 chars        no  
:ref:`feed_itemGroupId`                groups product variants in your      len. 1-50 chars      no
:ref:`feed_condition`                  condition of product                 enum                 no

> :ref:`feed_material`                   main product fabric or material      max. 200 chars       no

Reviewer 3: nit: material(s)?

:ref:`feed_energyEfficiencyClass`      energy efficiency class              enum                 no
:ref:`feed_minEnergyEfficiencyClass`   minimal energy efficiency class      enum                 no
:ref:`feed_maxEnergyEfficiencyClass`   maximal energy efficiency class      enum                 no

> :ref:`feed_color`                      product color                        len. 1-100 chars     no

Reviewer 3: keep consistency: `max` vs `len` ? especially since they are all optional. If the GTIN is acceptable as empty (this is how I read `max 50 chars), why would the color not be?

Author: that is how it was described in merchant shop, sometimes they state minimal 1. I read it: can't be empty if provided. For MPN it probably makes sense to require more than 2 characters, for the others... I will remove that information from doc

Reviewer 3: 👍

:ref:`feed_gender`                     gender product is designed for       enum                 no
:ref:`feed_ageGroup`                   age group product is intended for    enum                 no
:ref:`feed_size`                       size information                     enum                 no
:ref:`feed_unitPricingBaseMeasure`     denominator for product unit price   string               no
:ref:`feed_unitPricingMeasure`         measure and dimension of product     string               no
====================================== ==================================== ===================  =========== 

.. index:: vendorId
.. _feed_vendorId:

vendorId
""""""""

The (mandatory) **vendorId** field in the XML file is there to let us know, for consecutive imports, which
ads are the same. This results in allowing us to update an existing ad with the same **vendorId** instead

> of creating a new ad. **vendorId** is mandatory and, as specified in the XSD, unique for each ad in the

Reviewer 3: "Effectively also unique per seller", worth mentioning imho.

Author: it is there in line 75: " unique for each ad in the...."

Reviewer 3: true, but I'd argue (minor) that the feed content can change (therefore the XML file can change), that's why is slightly more explicit to state that it implies on the seller level (we are going to check and match with existing, on the other hand, and we explain that). All good.

   Any change in the ad (including it re-appearing in the feed if it wasn't present the previous time) will update the
   ad and trigger image re-processing.

======= ====================================================
Example	<ad:vendorId>15839942</ad:vendorId>
======= ====================================================

.. index:: externalId
.. _feed_externalId:

externalId
""""""""""
.. warning::
   There is still an **externalId** field in the XSD, this field is replaced by **vendorId**.
   Please update your XML to reflect this change. This makes naming consistent between feeds and sellside API.
   The **vendorId** field in the feeds has the same meaning and constraints as the **vendorId** field in the
   sellside API.

.. index:: sellerName
.. _feed_sellerName:

sellerName
""""""""""

Display name of the seller (max. 60 characters).

======= ====================================================

> Example	<ad:sellerName>Cups, Caps &amp; Craps</ad:sellerName>

Reviewer: 😁

======= ====================================================

.. index:: title
.. _feed_t:

title
"""""

Any string, with minimum and maximum length determined by the category, with a maximum cap of 1024 characters. See :ref:`categories`. URLs are not allowed as part of the title.

======= ====================================================
Example	<ad:title>Goedkope A-merk herenfietsen</ad:title>
======= ====================================================

.. index:: description
.. _feed_descr:

description
"""""""""""

The description field of the ad.
Any string, with minimum and maximum length determined by the category, with a maximum cap of 1MB characters. See :ref:`categories`. URLs are not allowed as part of the description.
All HTML elements except for the ones below will be removed:

.. code-block:: html

>     <u> <em> <ul> <li> <p> <strong> <br> <blink>*

Reviewer: blink? we allow blink tag? dafuq

> *\*paid extra*

Reviewer: does this line have a specific purpose?

Author: removed

======= =========================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 
    

>             <ad:description><![CDATA[

Reviewer: do you want to explicitly mention that we recommend this description block to be encapsulated in !CDATA blocks?

Author: Good idea

An integer value from the category list. Must be an id of a category with a
non-zero parent id.

======= ====================================================
Example	<ad:categoryId>945</ad:categoryId>
======= ====================================================

.. index:: status
.. _feed_status:

status
""""""

Ad status. One of the following:

====== ====================================================
Name   Description
====== ====================================================
ACTIVE The ad is active, it can be found on the website
PAUSED The ad is paused, it cannot be found on the website
====== ====================================================

The provided (desired) status may differ from the resulting one, depending on the other conditions.
For instance, budget may be depleted, or the seller may have too many active ads already in the category.

======= =============================
Example <ad:status>PAUSED</ad:status>
======= =============================

.. index:: url
.. _feed_url:

url
"""

An external URL that is shown on the ad page. This must be a valid http(s)
url.

======= =============================
Example <ad:url>https://www.bmw.de</ad:url>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: heading lines not long enough

.. index:: vanityUrl
.. _feed_vanityUrl:

vanityUrl
"""""""""

The text/url that will be displayed instead of the url in :ref:`feed_url`.

======= =============================
Example <ad:vanityUrl>BMW</ad:vanityUrl>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: same

.. index:: priceType
.. _feed_priceType:

priceType
"""""""""

Must be a valid price type identifier from the list of :ref:`price_types`.

======= =============================
Example <ad:priceType>FIXED_PRICE</ad:priceType>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: same

Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:attributes>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>color</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeLocale>nl</ad:attributeLocale>
                    <ad:attributeLabel>Kleu</ad:attributeLabel>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Rood</ad:attributeValue>
                </ad:attribute>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>color</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeLocale>en</ad:attributeLocale>
                    <ad:attributeLabel>Color</ad:attributeLabel>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Red</ad:attributeValue>
                </ad:attribute>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>Model</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Slim</ad:attributeValue>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Spro</ad:attributeValue>
                </ad:attribute>
            </ad:attributes>

======= =========================================================================================================

.. index:: budgetDetails
.. _feed_budget:

budgetDetails
"""""""""""""

> Section with budget details

Reviewer: Do you want to explain a bit on what budgets are here or would you want to keep these docs more concise?

Author: The idea was that as the budget changes significantly in v5, I would keep it more concise for now, and elaborate more when we upgrade to that version.

Reviewer: oki

============= ========================================== ========
Name          Description                                Required
============= ========================================== ========
autobid       use auto bidding option true/false         No

> cpc           CPC for the given ad in cents              Yes

Reviewer: is CPC mandatory in feeds? I was under the impression that if not provided, we set to the minimum of the category. Unless you're changing this, then all OK

Reviewer 3: seems like it has been nillable indeed (but with the combo of `minOccurs="1"` I am not sure what happens tbh
```
<xs:element name="cpc" type="xs:string" nillable="true" minOccurs="1" maxOccurs="1"/>
```

Author: The entire budget section is optional, but if one decides to provide it then it must come with CPC according to xsd.

Reviewer: yeah, but the element is nillable; this afaik means the element must be there but can have empty value, like `<cpc />` or `<cpc><cpc>`

Reviewer 3: ah!

Reviewer 3: does anyone do this, I wonder

totalBudget   total budget for the given ad in cents     No
dailyBudget   daily budget for the given ad in cents     No
============= ========================================== ========

The minimum and maximum values for the total budget depend on the category. 

> If the total budget is not returned with the ad, it means there is an unlimited total budget.

Reviewer: we're not returning anything in this feed flow. This line should read 'if not provided, there will be an unlimited budget set' or smth like that

Reviewer: bump

*PICKUP* means the item can be picked up at the provided `location`
For shippingType 'PICKUP' provide 'location'. Both 'cost' and 'time' are ignored.

Whether shipping options are disabled/optional/mandatory for an ad is configured per category, see :ref:`category_config_v2`.

======= =========================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:shippingOptions>
                    <ad:shippingOption>
                        <ad:shippingType>PICKUP</ad:shippingType>
                        <ad:location>1097DN</ad:location>
                    </ad:shippingOption>
                </ad:shippingOptions>

======= =========================================================================================================

.. index:: phoneNumber
.. _feed_phoneNumber:

phoneNumber
"""""""""""

The phone number of the advertiser as international phone number format, e.g.
+31207894561 or as a local phone number, e.g. 06789456612. 0900 and 0800
numbers are not allowed.

======= =============================
Example <ad:phoneNumber>+31207894561</ad:phoneNumber>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: length

.. index:: emailAdvertiser
.. _feed_emailAdvertiser:

emailAdvertiser
"""""""""""""""

Flag for allowing emails to be sent to the advertiser.

======= =============================
Example <ad:emailAdvertiser>true</ad:emailAdvertiser>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: length

.. index:: regionId
.. _feed_regionId:

regionId
""""""""

The region in which the ad is placed. (only applicable for Kijiji Canada)
A long value from the region tree. Must be the id of a leaf region.

Each ad belongs to one and only one region and region of an ad cannot be updated.
This field can only set once during creation of an ad.

This field is mandatory if the `region` field of category configuration is ``MANDATORY``
and optional if the `region` field is ``OPTIONAL``.
This field must be omitted if the `region` field of category configuration is ``DISABLED``.

Please refer to :ref:`categories` and :ref:`regions`

======= =============================
Example <ad:regionId>1700274</ad:regionId>

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: size

.. index:: engines
.. _feed_engines:

engines
"""""""

Collection of business features used internally for distinguishing between business propositions for the product. 
If not provided, the default is *classic*.
Must be one of the models enabled for the seller. Currently multiple values are not supported.

Available options:

========== =============
Name       Description
========== =============
classic    default proposition
auctions   deprecated
promotions enables promotions feature
amnext     ancestor of the classic (still experimental)
========== =============

======= =========================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:engines>
                <engine>promotions</engine>
            </ad:engines>

> ======= =========================================================================================================

Reviewer: do you need these ======== around the code block?

Author: no

.. index:: microTip
.. _feed_microTip:

microTip
""""""""

A short freeform text with a maximum length of 18 characters, excluding any characters in ``.,/@#<>``.
It is a feature as part of a package that sellers can purchase (currently available only for Marktplaats tenant).
It provides extra attention on the ad in the search results.

======= =============================

> Example <ad:microTip>TODAY 15% DISCOUNT</ad:microTipd>

Reviewer: can you use a different example? We also have a discount feature, and I think that's even supported in feeds?

Author: Would SALE be ok here? This 18 chars boundary limits the field adoption to a crosswords lovers club members. You come up with something, and then start counting on fingers if that matches...

Reviewer: sure, or smth like 'New Collection' or 'Just In' or 'Last ones!'

Reviewer: and yes I did count on my fingers

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: size

Reviewer 3: ad:microTipd (d superfluous)

Author: fixed

Allowed values: *newborn*, *infant*, *toddler*, *children*, *adult*

======= =============================
Example <ad:ageGroup>adult</ad:ageGroup>
======= =============================

.. index:: size
.. _feed_size: 

size
""""""""""""""""""""""""

Size definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
String identifier max 1-100 chars.

.. index:: unitPricingBaseMeasure
.. _feed_unitPricingBaseMeasure: 

======= =============================
Example <ad:size>S</ad:size>
======= =============================

unitPricingBaseMeasure
""""""""""""""""""""""""

The denominator for product unit price. See `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_

======= =============================
Example <ad:unitPricingBaseMeasure>1kg</ad:unitPricingBaseMeasure>
======= =============================

.. index:: unitPricingMeasure
.. _feed_unitPricingMeasure:         

unitPricingMeasure
""""""""""""""""""""""""

Defines the measure and dimension of the product. Example 125ml, 100g. See `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_

> ======= =============================

Reviewer: just wondering, why don't you use .. code-block: xml for these examples?

Author: Css for the tables in combination with one line code blocks does not look impressive, but it makes sense to make it look uniform. I am changing that.

   Please update your XML to reflect this change. This makes naming consistent between feeds and sellside API.
   The **vendorId** field in the feeds has the same meaning and constraints as the **vendorId** field in the
   sellside API.

.. index:: sellerName
.. _feed_sellerName:

sellerName
""""""""""

Display name of the seller (max. 60 characters).

======= ======================================================
Example	.. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:sellerName>Cups, Caps &amp; Craps</ad:sellerName>
======= ======================================================

.. index:: title
.. _feed_t:

title
"""""

Any string, with minimum and maximum length determined by the category, with a maximum cap of 1024 characters. See :ref:`categories`. URLs are not allowed as part of the title.

======= ====================================================
Example	.. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:title>Goedkope A-merk herenfietsen</ad:title>
======= ====================================================

.. index:: description
.. _feed_descr:

description
"""""""""""

The description field of the ad.

> Any string, with minimum and maximum length determined by the category, with a maximum cap of 1MB characters. See :ref:`categories`. URLs are not allowed as part of the description.

Reviewer 3: nit: it's weird to express the title max cap as an integer, and here as another unit (MB)

Reviewer 3: also, are you sure of this? All I see is 

```
| description           | text                | NO   |     | NULL    |                |
```

Reviewer 3: looks like way less if I look here https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.6/en/storage-requirements.html#data-types-storage-reqs-strings

Author: That came from the validator values in record processing
var validatorDefaults = Validator{
	sellerNameLength:     *interval.NewInt(1, 60),
	titleLength:          *interval.NewInt(1, 1024),
	descriptionLength:    *interval.NewInt(1, 1024*1024),

Reviewer: description length and title length are defined by the tenant in the taxonomy, which will be an additional validation step on top of the XML structure. The XML structure can allow for 1MB of description, but at a later step we will probably cut that to 64K as this is the length most tenants allow.

Author: ok, then writing about this 1 MB is indeed odd. I will remove it.

                </p>
                <ul>
                    <li><strong>Laagste prijsgarantie</strong></li>
                    <li>Fietsen <strong>100% rijklaar</strong> gratis thuisbezorgd</li>
                    <li><strong>Ruime voorraad</strong>, voor ieder wat wils</li>
                    <li>Snelle <strong>customer service</strong> via Whatsapp, bellen en e-mail</li>
                    <li>1 <strong>maand garantie</strong></li>
                    <li>Aangesloten bij <strong>Webwinkelkeur</strong></li>
                </ul>
                <strong><br></strong>
                <p>Check dus snel onze website en vind de fiets die bij je past!<br>
                </p>
                <strong><br></strong>
                <p>WhatsApp, bel of mail ons voor verdere vragen.
                </p>]]>
            <ad:description/>
======= =========================================================================================================

.. index:: categoryId
.. _feed_categoryId:

categoryId
""""""""""

The category in which the ad is placed in the :ref:`categories` tree.

Each ad belongs to one and only one category and the category of an ad cannot be changed.

> This field can only be set once during the lifecycle of an ad.

Reviewer: we actually _do_ support changing of category.. I think it'll also be supported in feeds, could you check?

Author: This one was taken from the ads.rst, so if you doubt it, it is wrong for sure

> An integer value from the category list. Must be an id of a category with a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An integer value from the category list. Must be an id of a leaf category with a
```

non-zero parent id.

======= ====================================================
Example	.. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:categoryId>945</ad:categoryId>
======= ====================================================

.. index:: status
.. _feed_status:

status
""""""

Ad status. One of the following:

====== ====================================================
Name   Description
====== ====================================================

> ACTIVE The ad is active, it can be found on the website

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ACTIVE The will be active (as long as there is budget for it), it can be found on the marketplace.
```

> ACTIVE The will be active (as long as there is budget for it), it can be found on the marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACTIVE The ad will be active (as long as there is budget for it) and it can be found on the marketplace.
```

> PAUSED The ad is paused, it cannot be found on the website

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PAUSED The ad will be paused, effectively not found on the marketplace.
```

====== ====================================================

The provided (desired) status may differ from the resulting one, depending on the other conditions.
For instance, budget may be depleted, or the seller may have too many active ads already in the category.

======= =============================
Example .. code-block:: html
        

>          <ad:status>PAUSED</ad:status>

Reviewer: can we make the example be what we prefer it to be? I think we rather have our ads be ACTIVE than PAUSED

Author: But active is the default, this field makes sense only if you want to pause

Reviewer 3: I'm agreeing with @pmongh on this

Reviewer: okay :)

======= =============================

.. index:: url
.. _feed_url:

url
"""

An external URL that is shown on the ad page. This must be a valid http(s)
url.

======= =======================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:url>https://www.bmw.de</ad:url>
======= =======================================

.. index:: vanityUrl
.. _feed_vanityUrl:

vanityUrl
"""""""""

The text/url that will be displayed instead of the url in :ref:`feed_url`.

======= ==================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:vanityUrl>BMW</ad:vanityUrl>
======= ==================================

.. index:: priceType
.. _feed_priceType:

priceType
"""""""""

Must be a valid price type identifier from the list of :ref:`price_types`.

======= ============================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:priceType>FIXED_PRICE</ad:priceType>
======= ============================================

.. index:: price
.. _feed_price:

price
"""""

The meaning of the value depends on the :ref:`feed_priceType`. 

If it is `FIXED_PRICE` or `BIDDING_FROM` then **price** is mandatory and needs to be greater than 0.

> The maximum allowed **price** value is ``10000000000`` of the local market currency. (100.000.000,00 EUR / CAD / ... ).

Reviewer 3: I think it is cents, please double check.

Reviewer 3: It's inconsistent with our XSD at least 

```
                price                       | ad price in cents if applicable                | Yes for FIXED_PRICE and BIDDING_FROM, No otherwise
```

Reviewer: Yes, this should be in cents. We do not do full euros (with floats) anywhere.

Author: fixed

======= =============================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:price>1500</ad:price>
======= =============================

.. index:: originalPrice
.. _feed_originalPrice:

originalPrice
""""""""""""""

> Product price before discount. Ignored if a seller does not have a discount option enabled. Must be greater than :ref:`feed_price`.

Reviewer 3: nit: feature? (instead of option)

> The maximum allowed **originalPrice** value is ``10000000000`` of the local market currency. (100.000.000,00 EUR / CAD / ... ).

Reviewer 3: wasn't it cents? or it differs from sellside API?

Author: Good question, afaik it was also about Euros. Considering we have only EU and Canada now, cents are fine, but perhaps it is more pragmatic to speak about "local market currency" without assuming there would be cents, not penny or anything else.

======= ============================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:originalPrice>1500</ad:originalPrice>
======= ============================================

.. index:: media
.. _feed_media:

media
"""""

> Product images. Media should contain from 0 to N **<image>** elements, where the exact limit depends on the category in taxonomy. **<image>** elements must contain an URL attribute. URL should be a complete link pointing to an image on a publicly available webserver.

Reviewer 3: Complex type used currently for product images.

> Product images. Media should contain from 0 to N **<image>** elements, where the exact limit depends on the category in taxonomy. **<image>** elements must contain an URL attribute. URL should be a complete link pointing to an image on a publicly available webserver.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Complex type used currently for product images. **<media>** should contain from 0 to N **<image>** ordered elements, where the exact limit depends on the category in taxonomy. **<image>** elements must contain a complete URL link pointing to an image on a publicly available webserver.
```

Allowed image formats: JPEG, JPG, PNG, GIF\*, BMP.

> \* Please note that GIFs are not recommended format as thay are only 256 colors or less.

Reviewer: Animated gifs are also not supported :)

Reviewer 3: https://github.es.ecg.tools/ecg-icas/icas/pull/6822/files#r2006388

All images will be resized if necessary to a size of maximum 1024px height and 1024px width (preserving the aspect ratio)
The system will download the images and, if they meet the requirements, store them on our servers in several sizes.

> The images will be presented in the order as provided. The first image is shown in search results and as the main image on the item page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The images will be presented in the order as provided. The first image is shown in search results and acts as the main image on the item page.
```

======= ========================================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:media>
                <ad:image url="https://images.pexels.com/photos/62289/yemen-chameleon-chamaeleo-calyptratus-chameleon-reptile-62289.jpeg"/>
                <ad:image url="https://images.pexels.com/photos/47547/squirrel-animal-cute-rodents-47547.jpeg?auto=compress&amp;cs=tinysrgb&amp;w=1260&amp;h=750&amp;dpr=2"/>
            <ad:media/>
======= ========================================================================================================================

.. index:: attributes
.. _feed_attr:

attributes
""""""""""

Optional collection of ad :ref:`user_defined_attributes` (category-dependent). 

> Note that categories can have mandatory attributes, for which a default value will be filled in if not supplied.

Reviewer 3: are you sure this is _always_ the case, that there is a default value? do we never invalidate if a mandatory attribute is not supplied?

Reviewer 3: Maybe we can add what @hallidayk mentioned here: these can be used to influence the ad relevance.

Reviewer 3: @pmongh worth checking the first comment as well, just in case. We saw from the API examples that somehow we act differently in the feed world than what happens down the road in ad service.

Reviewer 3: This will protect us from any "guarantees" that the users might take for granted at this stage, so I'd add it it

Author: removed

======= =========================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:attributes>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>color</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeLocale>nl</ad:attributeLocale>

>                     <ad:attributeLabel>Kleu</ad:attributeLabel>

Reviewer 3: Kleur

                    <ad:attributeValue>Rood</ad:attributeValue>
                </ad:attribute>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>color</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeLocale>en</ad:attributeLocale>
                    <ad:attributeLabel>Color</ad:attributeLabel>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Red</ad:attributeValue>
                </ad:attribute>
                <ad:attribute>
                    <ad:attributeName>Model</ad:attributeName>
                    <ad:attributeValue>Slim</ad:attributeValue>

>                     <ad:attributeValue>Spro</ad:attributeValue>

Reviewer 3: never heard of this word :D

Reviewer: should these attributes not all have name, locale, label and 1+ values? This last attribute only has name/values

                </ad:attribute>
            </ad:attributes>

======= =========================================================================================================

.. index:: budgetDetails
.. _feed_budget:

budgetDetails
"""""""""""""

Section with budget details

============= ========================================== ========
Name          Description                                Required
============= ========================================== ========

> autobid       use auto bidding option true/false         No

Reviewer 3: nit: option == feature?

cpc           CPC for the given ad in cents              Yes
totalBudget   total budget for the given ad in cents     No
dailyBudget   daily budget for the given ad in cents     No
============= ========================================== ========

The minimum and maximum values for the total budget depend on the category. 
If the total budget is not returned with the ad, it means there is an unlimited total budget.

> When this value of the daily budget is reached the ad will be paused for the rest of the day. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When this value of the daily budget is reached the ad will be paused for the rest of the day, and reset the following day. 
```

> When this value of the daily budget is reached the ad will be paused for the rest of the day, and reset the following day. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this value of the daily budget is reached the ad will be offline for the rest of the day, and re-activated at the beginning of the following day. 
```

Reviewer: since we're not changing the status to 'PAUSED'

The minimum value depends on the category. Maximum value cannot be higher than the total budget.

> The minimum and maximum values of the cost per click (cpc) depend on the category.

Reviewer 3: nit: CPC

> The minimum value depends on the category. Maximum value cannot be higher than the total budget.

Reviewer: I fail to see why the maximum of daily budget cannot be higher than the total budget. Whichever gets reached first, will trigger the out-of-budget status.
Do we actually _have_ such validation in the code? If so, I'd vote for removing it.

======= =========================================================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:budget>
                <ad:totalBudget>5000</ad:totalBudget>
                <ad:dailyBudget>1000</ad:dailyBudget>
                <ad:cpc>2</ad:cpc>
            </ad:budget>

======= =========================================================================================================

.. index:: shippingOptions
.. _feed_ship:

shippingOptions
"""""""""""""""

> Section with shipping options available for a product.

Reviewer 3: I notice that our lingo across this feed PR is very much `product` suddenly :) but some places there is `ad` instead. Can we keep it consistent, if possible?

Author: It sounds like for you "product" and "ad" is the same. I am not there yet :(

Reviewer 3: at this stage, it's hard to distinguish, my personal view is that a product is a type of ad

Reviewer 3: but the language should be consistent

> Options can be defined for single selected type or both.

Reviewer 3: nit: `shippingType`?

============= ========================================== ========
shippingType  SHIP, PICKUP                               Yes
cost          cost of shipping in cents                  No
time          time it takes to deliver the product       No
location      pick up location of the product            No
============= ========================================== ========

*SHIP* means the item can be delivered to the buyer in the provided `time` and for the provided `cost`. 
For shippingType 'SHIP' provide 'cost' in cents and 'time' in days. 'location' is ignored.

*PICKUP* means the item can be picked up at the provided `location`
For shippingType 'PICKUP' provide 'location'. Both 'cost' and 'time' are ignored.

Whether shipping options are disabled/optional/mandatory for an ad is configured per category, see :ref:`category_config_v2`.

======= ==============================================================
Example .. code-block:: html 

            <ad:shippingOptions>
                    <ad:shippingOption>
                        <ad:shippingType>PICKUP</ad:shippingType>
                        <ad:location>1097DN</ad:location>
                    </ad:shippingOption>

>                 </ad:shippingOptions>

Reviewer 3: I think whitespace alignment might be messed up here (not sure how it's rendered in html)

======= ==============================================================

.. index:: phoneNumber
.. _feed_phoneNumber:

phoneNumber
"""""""""""

> The phone number of the advertiser as international phone number format, e.g.

Reviewer 3: is it a seller, or an advertiser? :) yes, I know, we have proliferated some things too much in our sellside API. My OCD starts to kick in

Reviewer: seller please!

Author: ok

+31207894561 or as a local phone number, e.g. 06789456612. 0900 and 0800

> numbers are not allowed.

Reviewer: these 0900/0800 numbers - this is very NL specific? Is this the validation that's really happening? I believe we don't care..

Reviewer 3: was wondering the same

Author: Again. Copy pasted from ads.rst "The phone number of the advertiser as international phone number format, e.g.
+31207894561 or as a local phone number, e.g. 06789456612. 0900 and 0800
numbers are not allowed." Would it make sense if I clear it out also there?

Reviewer: yeah, let's clear that out... this is very old I think :D

======= =================================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:phoneNumber>+31207894561</ad:phoneNumber>
======= =================================================

.. index:: emailAdvertiser
.. _feed_emailAdvertiser:

emailAdvertiser
"""""""""""""""

> Flag for allowing emails to be sent to the advertiser.

Reviewer 3: there we go again (advertiser vs seller - name). Let's make a note for the next non-backwards compatible version to bring this to a more consistent view. cc @twessling-icas just FYI
Is it even email these days, or is it enabling chat from the VIP? may defer per tenant

Reviewer: it's 'contact' in general. Yes, the name of this field is old, but it is used to allow buyers to contact sellers.

Author: ok

======= =================================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:emailAdvertiser>true</ad:emailAdvertiser>
======= =================================================

.. index:: regionId
.. _feed_regionId:

regionId
""""""""

The region in which the ad is placed. (only applicable for Kijiji Canada)

> A long value from the region tree. Must be the id of a leaf region.

Reviewer 3: ....taxonomy tree.

Reviewer: taxonomy? No, this is region.. this is correct.
Also, a 'long' value? I'd say integer.

Each ad belongs to one and only one region and region of an ad cannot be updated.

> This field can only set once during creation of an ad.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This field can only be set once during creation of an ad.
```

This field is mandatory if the `region` field of category configuration is ``MANDATORY``
and optional if the `region` field is ``OPTIONAL``.
This field must be omitted if the `region` field of category configuration is ``DISABLED``.

Please refer to :ref:`categories` and :ref:`regions`

======= =======================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:regionId>1700274</ad:regionId>
======= =======================================

.. index:: engines
.. _feed_engines:

engines
"""""""

Collection of business features used internally for distinguishing between business propositions for the product. 
If not provided, the default is *classic*.
Must be one of the models enabled for the seller. Currently multiple values are not supported.

Available options:

========== ================================================
Name       Description
========== ================================================
classic    default proposition

> auctions   deprecated

Reviewer 3: just remove it, might confuse some sellers with the new bidding system

Reviewer: yeah, remove it. We will also underwater add the engine to the ad based on the seller's account & feature flags

Reviewer: Do we even want this entire section in here? I'd like to remove 'engine' from this feed format completely, as we look at the user's feature flags anyway and a user can only use 1 engine anyway and we're working still to remove any notion of AMNEXT.

Author: good reasons for saying nothing about those engines

It is a feature as part of a package that sellers can purchase (currently available only for Marktplaats tenant).
It provides extra attention on the ad in the search results.

======= ===========================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:microTip>TODAY 15% SALE</ad:microTip>
======= ===========================================

.. index:: mpn
.. _feed_mpn: 

MPN
"""

Manufacturer Part Number (MPN), definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
String identifier max 2-70 chars.

======= ==================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:mpn>AB12345R89TN6E</ad:mpn>
======= ==================================

.. index:: googleProductCategory
.. _feed_googleProductCategory: 

googleProductCategory
""""""""""""""""""""""

Product category from Google's product taxonomy. See `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_

======= =============================================================================================================

> Example .. code-block:: html

Reviewer 3: nit:maybe another example with id? to show both are acceptable?

        
         <ad:googleProductCategory>
            Apparel &amp; Accessories &gt; Clothing &gt; Dresses
         </ad:googleProductCategory>
======= =============================================================================================================

.. index:: productType
.. _feed_productType: 

productType
""""""""""""""""""""""

Definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
String identifier max 750 chars.

======= ===============================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:productType>
            Home &gt; Women &gt; Dresses &gt; Maxi Dresses
         </ad:productType>
======= ===============================================================================

.. index:: brand
.. _feed_brand: 

brand
""""""""""""""""""""""

> Brand definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.

Reviewer 3: should all these links lead to the same place? can we not actually point to the field to make the life of partners easier?

Author: Do you think those urls for attributes are stable?

Reviewer 3: hope so, for now I'd keep it less confusing. If the urls for anything are not stable, than that one above might also change

Author: updated

String identifier max 70 chars.

======= ============================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        

>          <ad:brand>Little black dress</ad:brand>

Reviewer 3: how about iPhone 5? :D this doesn't really qualify for a good "brand" example to me

Reviewer: then it should even be just 'iPhone'

======= ============================================

.. index:: gtin
.. _feed_gtin: 

GTIN
""""""""""""""""""""""

> GTIN, definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GTIN (Your product’s Global Trade Item Number ), definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
```

Reviewer 3: it might just spark interest in those who are not tied to 3rd party vendors like channable, but manually create feeds

Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:itemGroupId>BC23456</ad:itemGroupId>
======= ============================================

.. index:: condition
.. _feed_condition: 

condition
""""""""""""""""""""""

Condition definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
Accepted values: *new*, *refurbished*, *used*

======= ==================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:condition>used</ad:condition>
======= ==================================

.. index:: material
.. _feed_material: 

material
""""""""""""""""""""""

Material definition follows `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_ guidelines.
String identifier max 200 chars.
  
======= ==================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:material>Wool</ad:material>
======= ==================================

.. index:: energyEfficiencyClass
.. _feed_energyEfficiencyClass: 

energyEfficiencyClass
""""""""""""""""""""""

Energy Efficiency Class See `Google Merchant Center <https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7052112>`_

> Allowed values: *A+++*, *A++*, *A+*, *A++*,	*B*, *C*, *B*, *E*,	*F*, *G*

Reviewer 3: some extra tab there, repetition of B?...

Reviewer 3: should we add "may be required by local law or regulations"?

======= ===========================================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:energyEfficiencyClass>A+</ad:energyEfficiencyClass>
======= ===========================================================

.. index:: minEnergyEfficiencyClass
.. _feed_minEnergyEfficiencyClass: 

minEnergyEfficiencyClass
""""""""""""""""""""""""

Minimal energy efficiency class. Possible values defined in :ref:`feed_energyEfficiencyClass`

======= ================================================================
Example .. code-block:: html
        
         <ad:minEnergyEfficiencyClass>E</ad:minEnergyEfficiencyClass>
======= ================================================================

.. index:: maxEnergyEfficiencyClass
.. _feed_maxEnergyEfficiencyClass: 

maxEnergyEfficiencyClass
""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Maximal energy efficiency class. Possible values defined in :ref:`feed_energyEfficiencyClass`

Reviewer 3: I think for both min and max we should mention it is used in combination with `energyEfficiencyClass` as per google spec, right now it's confusing to me why I would use it.

Author: ok
